 
Marketing is partly to blame.
Advertisers and retailers peddle sexy clothing for children.
Training them from an early age to put undue emphasis on appearance.
Marketers know about young childrens vulnerabilities, and they exploit them.
All these sexual images and products are not intended to sell children on sex but on shopping.
Get involved.
No matter how awkward it may be, talking to your children about sex is your responsibility.
Accept it.
Bible principle.
Have small discussions.
Instead of having one big talk, take advantage of casual moments to communicate, perhaps while the two of you are traveling in your car or doing a chore.
To help your child open up, ask viewpoint questions.
Are you attracted to ads like that?
Why do you think advertisers use those types of images to sell products?
After your child answers, you could ask, How do you feel about that?
Set the example.
Live by the values you teach.
For instance, do you laugh at obscene jokes? 
Do you dress provocatively? 
Do you flirt?
Such actions may undermine the moral values you are trying to teach your children.
Despite common perceptions, children including teenagers are more influenced by their parents than by peers.
Children always look first to the immediate adults in their lives for guidance and for framing the world in a way they can relate to and understand.
They go elsewhere only when they know or sense that we are not willing to be present or available.
What decades of research demonstrate should be no great surprise: families who sustain this kind of connectedness around issues such as sexuality raise healthier children who make better decisions, take greater responsibility for their actions, and perhaps most important, postpone potentially risky behaviors.
You have a friend you met in your youth.
He made you feel more mature and seemed to help you fit in with your peers.
When you were stressed, you could always turn to him for some relief.
Indeed, you have come to depend on him in many situations.
But in time, you discovered his dark side.
He demands to be with you all the time, even if this makes you unwelcome in some places.
And while he may have made you feel more mature, he did so at the cost of your health.
To top it off, he has stolen a part of your wages.
In recent times, you have tried to break off the relationship, but he has not let you.
In a way, he has become your master.
You regret ever having met him.
Such is the relationship that many smokers have with the cigarette.
After 50 years of smoking, a woman named Earline recalls: The cigarette could help me more than having another person around.
It was more than just an old friend sometimes it was my only friend.
As Earline came to realize, though, the cigarette is, in fact, both a false friend and a vicious one.
Indeed, the opening words above could have been written about her with one exception.
When she learned that smoking is bad in Gods eyes because it pollutes our God-given bodies, she quit her habit.
A man named Frank also decided to quit in order to please God.
But a day or so after he had his last cigarette, he found himself crawling under his house looking for old cigarette butts that had fallen between the floorboards.
That clinched it, said Frank.
Finding myself on my hands and knees scratching through dirt for old butts disgusted me.
I never had another smoke.
The Bible makes no significant mention of gambling.
Yet, it does offer a number of guiding principles that reveal how God feels about gambling.
The basic nature of gambling winning money at the expense of others.
It is at odds with the Bibles warning.
To guard against every sort of greed Gambling.
It is, in fact, fueled by greed.
Gaming institutions advertise big jackpots, while downplaying the poor odds of winning.
Because they know that dreams of wealth prompt players to wager large amounts at the casinos.
Rather than helping a person guard against greed, gambling promotes the desire for easy money.
Gambling is based on an inherently selfish goal.
Winning money that other players have lost.
However, the Bible encourages a person to keep seeking, not his own advantage, but that of the other person.
And one of the Ten Commandments states.
You must not desire anything that belongs to your fellow man.
When a gambler sets his heart on winning, he is, in essence, hoping that others will lose their money in order for him to profit.
The Bible also cautions against viewing luck as a mystic force that might bestow blessings.
In ancient Israel, there were some who lacked faith in God and began setting a table for the god of Good Luck.
Was such devotion to the god of Good Luck acceptable to God?
No, he said to them.
You kept doing what was bad in my eyes, and you chose what displeased me.
The Bible warns that those who are determined to be rich fall into temptation.
A snare and many senseless and harmful desires.
That plunge men into destruction and ruin.
Gambling is rooted in greed.
Greed is so corrosive.
The Bible lists greediness among several behaviors that should be strongly avoided.
The Bible identifies as a root of all sorts of injurious things.
Gambling nurtures a love of money.
With its promise of easy wealth.
The desire for money can easily become an overpowering influence in a persons life.
Leading to intense anxiety and damaging ones faith in God.
Figuratively speaking, the Bible describes those ensnared by the love of money as having stabbed themselves all over with many pains.
Greediness breeds discontent, leaving people unsatisfied with their financial status and robbing them of their happiness.
A lover of silver will never be satisfied with silver, nor a lover of wealth with income.
An inheritance obtained first by greed will not be a blessing in the end.
Problem gambling has plunged addicts into debt or even bankruptcy and has cost many of them jobs, marriages, and friendships.
Applying the Bibles guiding principles can help a person avoid the negative effects that gambling can have on life and happiness.
Later, as the women were riding home on a bus, they spotted a large jw.org sign displayed at a Kingdom Hall.
They remembered that it was the same lettering they had seen on the witnessing cart earlier.
They both got off the bus and checked the schedule of meetings for the different congregations listed at the gate of the Kingdom Hall.
The two women attended one of the next meetings.
They recognized her immediately as the person with the big smile.
When they walked up to me, says Helen, I got a bit nervous.
I thought that perhaps I had done something wrong.
But the women explained to Helen what had happened.
The young women enjoyed the meeting and association; they felt right at home.
When they saw others cleaning the hall after the meeting, they asked if they could help.
One of the women has since left the country, but the other woman began attending meetings and started studying the Bible all because of a smile!
The time has come for you to be courageous and act.
What final steps can you take to increase your chances of success?
Set a date.
The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services recommends that once you have decided to quit, the first day of your life free from cigarettes should be within two weeks.
That way your motivation will stay high.
Mark the day on your calendar, tell your friends, and stick to the date even if your circumstances change.
Make a quit card.
It might contain the following information, plus anything else that may strengthen your motivation.
Weaken the links proactively.
Prior to your quit date, begin disrupting any habits linked to your smoking.
For example, if you smoke as soon as you get up each morning, put off smoking for an hour or so.
If you smoke during a meal or immediately afterward, break that routine.
Avoid places where others smoke.
And privately practice saying aloud, No thanks.
I've quit smoking.
Such steps will do more than prepare you for the day you quit.
They will also remind you that soon you will be an ex-smoker.
A countless number of people have broken up with their onetime false, vicious friend, the cigarette.
You can do it too.
Better health and a great feeling of freedom await you.
Jehovah has drawn each of us to him.
Think of what that means.
As Jehovah carefully examined all the billions of people in this world, he saw something precious in you a sincere heart that could grow to love him.
Jehovah knows you, understands you, and loves you.
How reassuring that is!
Jehovah cares deeply about you, and he also cares about all your Christian brothers and sisters.
To illustrate this point, Jesus compared Jehovah to a shepherd.
If one sheep out of 100 strays from the flock, what will the shepherd do?
He will leaveon the mountains and set out on a search for the one that is straying.
When the shepherd finds the sheep, he will not scold it for straying.
He will rejoice.
The point?
Every sheep is important to Jehovah.
Jesus said: It is not a desirable thing to my Father who is in heaven for even one of these little ones to perish.
We would certainly never want to be a source of discouragement to any of our brothers or sisters.
How can we avoid stumbling others?
And what can we do if someone hurts us?
We will answer those questions in this article.
But first, let us learn more about these little ones referred to in Matthew Chapter 18.
These little ones are Jesus disciples of all ages.
Regardless of their physical age, they are as young children in the sense that they are willing to be taught by Jesus.
Although they may come from different backgrounds and cultures and have different viewpoints and personalities, they all exercise faith in Christ.
He, in turn, loves them very much.
All these little ones are precious to Jehovah.
To understand how he feels, consider how we feel about children.
They are precious to us.
We want to protect them because they lack the strength, experience, and wisdom of adults.
In fact, while we do not like to see anyone get hurt, we get especially upset even angry when someone hurts a child.
In the same way, Jehovah wants to protect us.
He gets upset even angry when someone stumbles or hurts one of His people!
In what other way are Jesus disciples like little ones?
Well, whom does the world consider important?
The rich, the famous, and the powerful.
In contrast, Jesus disciples seem to be unimportant, insignificant little ones.
But Jehovah does not view them that way.
Jehovah loves all his servants, whether they have been serving him for many years or they are new in the truth.
All our brothers and sisters are important to Jehovah, so they should also be important to us.
We want to have love for the whole association of brothers, not just some of them.
We should be willing to do whatever we can to protect and care for them.
If we learn that we have hurt or offended someone, we should not simply brush it off, concluding that the person is too sensitive and needs to get over it.
Why might some become offended?
Perhaps because of their background, some brothers and sisters have a very low opinion of themselves.
Others are new in the truth that they have not yet learned how to deal with people's imperfections.
Whatever the case, we should do what we can to make things right.
Additionally, though, a person who is often offended by others needs to recognize that this is an undesirable personality trait that he needs to work on.
He needs to do that for his own peace of mind and for the well-being of others.
What prompted Jesus to talk about these little ones?
His disciples had asked him a question: Who really is greatest in the Kingdom of the heavens?
Many Jews at that time viewed position and rank as very important.
Men lived and died in quest of honor, reputation, fame, approval, and respect.
Jesus knew that his disciples would have to work hard to root out from their heart the spirit of competition that was entrenched in Jewish culture.
Let the one who is the greatest among you become as the youngest, and the one taking the lead as the one ministering.
We conduct ourselves as the youngest when we consider others superior to us.
The more we cultivate that attitude, the less likely we are to stumble others.
All our brothers and sisters are superior to us in one way or another.
It is not hard to see this when we focus on their positive qualities.
We should take to heart the counsel that the apostle Paul gave to the Corinthians.
Who makes you different from another?
Indeed, what do you have that you did not receive?
If, in fact, you did receive it, why do you boast as though you did not receive it?
We should beware of any temptation to draw attention to ourselves or to think of ourselves as superior to others.
If a brother gives stimulating talks or a sister is gifted at starting Bible studies, he or she should be quick to give the credit to Jehovah.
Soon after Jesus warned his followers not to stumble others, he gave an illustration about a king and his slave.
The king canceled a large debt that the slave could never repay.
Later, that same slave was unwilling to cancel the much smaller debt of his fellow slave.
In the end, the king threw that merciless slave into prison.
The lesson?
My heavenly Father will also deal with you in the same way if each of you does not forgive your brother from your heart.
The slaves actions harmed not only him but others too.
First, he heartlessly harmed his fellow slave by having him thrown into prison until he could pay back what he owed.
Second, he hurt other slaves who observed what he had done.
When his fellow slaves saw what had happened, they became greatly distressed.
Similarly, our actions affect others.
If someone wrongs us and we refuse to forgive him, what can happen?
First, we hurt him by denying him our forgiveness, attention, and affection.
Second, we make others in the congregation uncomfortable when they notice that we are not at peace with that person.
Will you hold on to resentment or forgive from the heart?
When we forgive our brothers and sisters, we benefit ourselves and others.
That was the experience of one pioneer whom we will call Crystal.
She was hurt by a sister in the congregation.
Her unloving words would sometimes cut me like a knife.
In the ministry, I didnt even want to be put in the same car group with her.
I started to lose my zeal and my joy.
Crystal felt that she had good reason for being upset.
But she did not give in to resentment or self-pity.
She humbly applied the Scriptural counsel.
She forgave her sister.
I now realize that were all striving to put on the new personality and that Jehovah forgives us freely and daily.
I feel as if the weight of the world were lifted off my shoulders and I have regained my joy.
We know that we should forgive; that is the right thing to do.
But we may still struggle to do so.
The apostle Peter may have felt that way at times.
What can help?
First, meditate on how much Jehovah has forgiven you.
We do not deserve his forgiveness, but he offers it freely.
At the same time, we are also under obligation to love one another.
So forgiveness is not optional.
We owe it to our brothers and sisters to forgive them.
Second, meditate on what happens when we forgive.
We may help the person who has wronged us, unify the congregation, protect our friendship with Jehovah, and remove a burden from our shoulders.
Finally, pray to the One who asks us to forgive.
Do not allow Satan to disrupt the peace you enjoy with your fellow worshippers.
We need Jehovahs help if we are to avoid falling into Satans trap.
According to what struggle did the apostle Peter seem to have and what do you learn from Jesus reply